This directory (/etc/sri) contains information describing how
the BeagleBone will configure itself during boot.

Each pair of controllers will be assigned to a lane number
using the first 6 dip switches as a binary number. (no lane zero)
The lane numbers will be mapped to a corresponding IP address and ssid
The ssid's will be assigned uniquely for each client/server pair.
lane-01 for lane 1, lane-02, lane-03, ... lane-xx

A specific BeagleBone controller will either act as a Lane controller or
Car controller and will be configured by the shield that is attached to it.
An input pin on the BBB will be held either high or low by the shield.

Each lane controller will initiate the hostapd service and act as
an access point (AP) with its ESSID specific to a lane number. We will 
not broadcast the ssids.

Each car controller will initiate the wpa_supplicant service and
act as a station attempting to connect to the ESSID assigned
to that lane. (lane-01 etc)

All Car  controllers will use the IP 10.249.1.1
All Lane controllers will use the IP 10.249.1.2

The subnet assigned will be a /24

The host file for all controllers will have the following
entries assigned for communication between them:

10.249.1.1        car  
10.249.1.2        lane 

Connected to each controller via the attahced shield will be a dipswitch 
that can be read on the port pins to determine whether the controller is 
acting as a Car or Lane controller. You only need 6 switches to select 48
lanes so set switches 1 through 6 for the lane assignment. Switches 1 
through 6 must match exactly for the lane and car pair. (OR any other
device that needs to be conected to that lane) This information will be 
used to determine what services are started and what configuration files 
are used (or generated) for each controller.

A shell script will be executed that is responsible for configuring the 
proper service and starting it with systemd. At boot time, no services 
will be started automatically. The script in this directory will probe 
the dipswitch register and perform the proper configuration after boot.

Along with this configuration setup will also be auto detecting 
the turn target and the camera (both located on the car controlor) 
and possibaly other devices attached to the lane controller and 
turning on those items as well. Only the specific devices that 
are being used by a car or a lane will be enabled in each 
configuration.
 

The two services we need to toggle between are:
   wpa_supplicant@wlan0.service
   hostapd.service

